https://sci-hub.hkvisa.net/https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9398494
https://sci-hub.hkvisa.net/10.1109/TrustCom/BigDataSE.2019.00020
https://sci-hub.se/10.1109/CAIS.2019.8769466
captcha
=======

INTRODUCTION
1. captcha is a software for generating codes that are easy for humans to pass but difficult for 
computer programs such as BOTS.

(talk: for ex, the human user can extract the distorted text from the given image but bots/computer 
programs in 90's couldn't perform such difficult task)


2. captcha is a simple process, where the user is prompted with automated system-generated question
and the system has to classify between humand and a bot based upon the answer from the user.

(talk: in the further presentation, we will talk about types of captcha questions such as
picture object detection, puzzel solving, speech recognition, text recognition etc.
here text recognition based captcha is mostly used in many of the internet-based services because it is
cost effective and it does not require a database.)


3. captcha (completely automated public turing test to tell computers and human apart) was developed 
in 1997 by Andrei Broder to distinguish between human and computer.

(talk: what is turing test? turing test is a test where the object which distinguish between human and bot
is a human and not a system or software. That's why captcha is known as reverse turing test because the object 
is now captcha system.)



IDEA / WHY? CAPTCHA
1. captcha is a unique security measure to protect the internet-based services from exploitations
performed automatically by millions of bots with offensive intentions.

2. Most of internet based services such as Yahoo, Hotmail, Gmail were getting attacked by malicious bots
which used to fill registration forms in these websites automatically with unfitting information 
which further resulted in the performance of the systems and in some cases system failure was caused. 

3. AltaVista attacked by malicious internet bots in 1997.
(talk : ex AltaVista was a very popular search engine in 1997, where users could add url to there database.
AltaVista was the first company to implement captcha to prevent against malicious internet bots that used
to spam urls to their database.)


APPLICATIONS / WHERE? CAPTCHA
1. Website Registration: captcha systems are used in  most of the email-services such as gmail,
yahoo, outlook etc to prevent against bots that used to register thousands of accounts.

2. Search Engine Bots: captcha can be used by administrators to stop search engine bots from indexing 
to prevent others from reading or downloading these sites because they may contain private information.

3. Dictionary Attacks: captcha can be used to prevent comp programs from being able to repeat through the entire space
of password by asking the user to solve a CAPTCHA test after a number of unsuccessful logins.
(talk: This mechanism is better than locking an account after a certain number of unsuccessful logins.)

4. Online Polls: captcha are  utilized to prevent Web crawlers and bots from engaging in online polling by asking
the user who wants to vote to solve a CAPTCHA before the vote submission. However, this process cannot prevent
users from voting many times. 

5. Protecting Email Addresses from Scrapers: This can be done by hiding a user’s email address from Web scrapers by
asking the user to solve a CAPTCHA before displaying his or her email address. 


BYPASS CAPTCHA TEST / HOW? 
1. OCR (Optical Character Recognition) is a technique / mechanism that converts images of typed, handwritten or
printed text into machine-encoded text, whether from a scanned document, photo of a document or a scene-photo.
Some of the software can use this technique to bypass captcha challenge.

2. Random Guessing Attack: It is "the situation when an attacker randomly passes the CAPTCHA challenges without any effort". 
For example, when a robot clicks randomly on the images correctly. It is the simplest attack that could be employed 
to break CAPTCHAs. It requires no computation time to solve the CAPTCHA and no significant resources on the hacker’s side.

3. Pictionary-based Attack: the bot maintains a picture dictionary (Pictionary) or a look-up table of object pictures 
along with their object names and any associated information useful in picture matching. Hence, whenever the bot comes 
across a picture, it searches for the picture by comparing properties like color/intensity, edge detected pattern, 
pixel pattern, etc. with every picture it has in its table. If a match occurs (i.e. the picture was old), the bot
simply looks up the answer. If there is no match (i.e. the picture is new), this picture gets added in the table for 
future look-up".


TYPES OF CAPTCHA
1. Text Based CAPTCHAs
Text-based CAPTCHAs, the earliest and most deployed CAPTCHA type, typically asks users to recognize a 
distorted sequence that consists of English letters or Arabic numerals
Digits and letters are presented to the user with some modifications added to the characters such as 
rotating, scattering, noise or making characters in 3D form, these modifications are added to make any 
robot programs unable to read the presented characters.













